Update self-hosted-subscriptions.rst (#6183)
mattermost/docs: source/about/self-hosted-subscriptions.rst

If you don't have a self-hosted license in the Customer Portal and want to add users, `contact us <https://mattermost.com/contact-us/>`__.

Quarterly true-up report
------------------------

When you buy an annual Mattermost subscription, you agree to provide quarterly reports of the actual number of registered users within your system. A registered user is a user who has an account in a workspace and does not show as *Inactive* in **System Console > User Management > Users**.

> We'll send you an email notice around the end of the quarter reminding you to send us your report. To send this report, take a screenshot of **System Console > Site Statistics** and send in a reply email back to us. 

Reviewer: Can we incorporate this illustration for this?

<img width="1112" alt="Screenshot 2023-01-25 at 2 51 15 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101303489/214673979-a39553a1-73f5-4a14-a4cf-467a6c4f38de.png">

Author: We definitely can!

- Please ensure your screenshot is taken from the top of the page and includes the **Total Active Users** metric. 
- Please include the date of the screenshot in the file name.
- We don't need your server address, so if it appears on your screenshot, you can redact it from the image.

.. tip:: 
   

>    Not sure where to take the screenshot? Please reach out to your Account Executive, CSM, orders@mattermost.com, or support@mattermost.com for help.

Author: ```suggestion
   Not sure where to take the screenshot? Please reach out to your account executive, Customer Success Manager, orders@mattermost.com, or support@mattermost.com for help.
```

.. image:: ../images/Site_Statistics.png
	:alt: Take a screenshot from the System Console > Site Statistics page.

> If you have more total active users than you purchased in your annual subscription, your account executive will provide you with a true-up quote, invoice, and an amendment to your purchase order for the new users added. 

Reviewer: "your Customer Success Manager will provide you with a true-up quote for the new users added."

- Remove mentions of invoice and amendment of purchase order
- deferring to you on whether to capitalize "Customer Success Representative" or not

> If you have more total active users than you purchased in your annual subscription, your account executive will provide you with a true-up quote, invoice, and an amendment to your purchase order for the new users added. 

Author: ```suggestion
If you have more total active users than you purchased in your annual subscription, your account executive will provide you with a true-up quote for the new users added.
```

If you don't have a self-hosted license in the Customer Portal and want to add users, `contact us <https://mattermost.com/contact-us/>`__.

Quarterly true-up report
------------------------

> When you buy an annual Mattermost subscription, you agree to provide quarterly reports of the actual number of registered users within your system. A registered user is a user who has an account in a workspace and does not show as *Inactive* in **System Console > User Management > Users**.

Reviewer 2: Consider changing formatting of "Inactive" from italics to bold, given that the docs are referencing the System Console UI.

> When you buy an annual Mattermost subscription, you agree to provide quarterly reports of the actual number of registered users within your system. A registered user is a user who has an account in a workspace and does not show as *Inactive* in **System Console > User Management > Users**.

Author: ```suggestion
When you buy an annual Mattermost subscription, you agree to provide quarterly reports of the actual number of registered users within your system. A registered user is a user who has an account in a workspace and does not show as **Inactive** in **System Console > User Management > Users**.
```

We'll send you an email notice around the end of the quarter reminding you to send us your report. 

.. image:: ../images/true-up-schedule.png
      :alt: The timeframes followed for the true up notifications.

To send this report, take a screenshot of **System Console > Site Statistics** and send in a reply email back to us. 

- Please ensure your screenshot is taken from the top of the page and includes the **Total Active Users** metric. 
- Please include the date of the screenshot in the file name.
- We don't need your server address, so if it appears on your screenshot, you can redact it from the image.

.. tip:: 
   
   Not sure where to take the screenshot? Please reach out to your account executive, Customer Success Manager, orders@mattermost.com, or support@mattermost.com for help.
   

> If you have more total active users than you purchased in your annual subscription, your account executive will provide you with a true-up quote for the new users added.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have more total active users than you purchased in your annual subscription, your Customer Success Manager will provide you with a true-up quote for the new users added.
```
